	Eric, this semester in Pre-Calculus with Proofs, I have had the privilege to work with you as we dive deeper into the study of trigonometric identities and dip our toes into various foundations of differential calculus. We started the year by reviewing the definitions of sine and cosine functions using right triangles and then used the unit circle to extend the domain of those functions to all real numbers. We then used transformations of the plane to prove several trigonometric identities involving sine and cosine functions. Applications included proving de Moivre's formula and finding nth roots of unity. We also proved and applied the law of sines, the law of cosines, and Heron’s area formula. The concept of inverse functions was used to study inverse trigonometric functions and to solve trigonometric equations. We were also introduced to sequences and the notion of the limit of a sequence from both an intuitive and rigorous approach.
	Eric, I've noticed that you're extremely caring during class. You constantly show this through your ability to help others out and always approach other opinions with an open mind. I encourage you to continue being caring throughout the rest of our time together.Looking to the second semester, one thing you could work on is your focus in class. I've noticed that you sometimes get sidetracked, causing you to, at times, disrupt the class. I recommend that you continue to work on your focus in class.
	On another note, you have demonstrated excellence with many of the learning outcomes in this class. One I would like to highlight is how you can consistently develop and evaluate mathematical proofs. You consistently demonstrate your excellence in this skill and I look forward to your continued success in this area. However, I've noticed that you could work on your ability to reason abstractly and quantitatively. I am always available for one-on-one assistance during office hours if you feel you need extra help with this skill.
	This semester, we have had three exams. You had the most success on the first test, which covered a wide range of topics including: functions, sine, cosine, and the unit circle – with a score of 97%. I am glad to see you succeed, and I believe that this achievement was because of your great overall work ethic. You should be proud of your work. I have appreciated having you in my class this semester. Overall, your grade was an A. I look forward to your continued success during the remainder of the year.