	Jack, this semester in Pre-Calculus with Proofs, I have had the privilege to work with you as we dive deeper into the study of trigonometric identities and dip our toes into various foundations of differential calculus. We started the year by reviewing the definitions of sine and cosine functions using right triangles and then used the unit circle to extend the domain of those functions to all real numbers. We then used transformations of the plane to prove several trigonometric identities involving sine and cosine functions. Applications included proving de Moivre's formula and finding nth roots of unity. We also proved and applied the law of sines, the law of cosines, and Heron’s area formula. The concept of inverse functions was used to study inverse trigonometric functions and to solve trigonometric equations. We were also introduced to sequences and the notion of the limit of a sequence from both an intuitive and rigorous approach.
	Jack, I've noticed that you're extremely patient during class. You constantly show this through your ability to put up with Annalina's jokes every day. I encourage you to continue being patient throughout the rest of our time together.Looking to the second semester, one thing you could work on is your turning in homework in class. I've noticed that you often don't turn in your homework on time if at all. I recommend that you continue to work on your turning in homework in class.
	 This semester, you have demostrated strength in some of the learning outcomes for this class. One I would like to highlight is how you can consistently construct viable arguments and critique the reasoning of others. You consistently demonstrate your excellence in this skill and I look forward to your continued success in this area. However, I've noticed that you could work on your ability to make sense of problems and persevere in solving them. I am always available for one-on-one assistance during office hours if you feel you need extra help with this skill.
	This semester, we have had three exams. You had the most success on the midterm, which tested your overall knowledge of trigonometric manipulation and proofs – with a score of 80%. I am glad to see you succeed, and I believe that this achievement was because you reviewed your video notes and re-addressed previous topics of struggle. I have appreciated having you in my class this semester. Overall, your grade was a C. Your performance could use a little bump, whether it be in the form of one-on-one meetings with me during lunch or something as simple as more of a commitment to math.